central banks around the world are
printing $200 billion per month in an
effort to keep the system afloat they
attempt to Offshore their inflation by
purchasing Assets in other currencies
every Central Bank is engaging in the
same policies in this currency War you
came here for the truth today we are
going to look at the Swiss Central Bank
and their activities this is confirmed
information this is not a conspiracy I
will show you the facts I will show you
the documentation and then I want to
connect that in with a few other points
this is going to be a huge video
beginning with this back in 2016 we have
this article out of Reuters Swiss
Central Bank steps up stock buying spree
so here it basically talks about what
they're going to do how they're going to
increase their purchases and so on
that's a few months ago so let's move
forward into the situation today we look
at this website holdingschannel.com
and this basically takes the data and
compiles it together nice and neat and
you will see the Swiss National Bank top
Holdings which I'll of course put the
link in the description of the video
under the section
sources you can see this for yourself
you could scroll through if you're
interested Apple
Microsoft Johnson and Johnson and so on
to the tune of billions of dollars
each billions of dollars now where does
this Central Bank get its money from
well you and I both know that it printed
from thin air
billions of dollars worth are being
printed sent offshore to buy shares of
particular
stocks and this is just one Central Bank
they're all engaging in the same
policies so when you talk about the
economy doing well because the stocks
are
rising well how do you explain this how
do you explain some of the biggest
buyers in the world the ones that print
their currency out of nothing to buy the
shares and you tell me me that
everything is doing just fine we have a
difference of
opinion well you know this is
holdingschannel.com who are they how do
I know this is legit well how about
this sec.gov you can go to the
government's own website and you can see
it for yourself form 13f this is the
official documentation shows you all the
Holdings I matched it up with what I saw
in holding's Channel and it is
accurate so you can do this for yourself
you can look at the form 13f compare
that to the Holdings on the that website
there and you could see it for yourself
it's just a little bit easier to use
that other website but both work this
applies to any Central Bank and of
course uh investment companies and what
have
you so before I move on from this topic
essentially what I'm trying to make the
case of is that the economy is doing
terrible for most places look at Europe
it's falling apart there are different
reasons for these things happening but
essentially that's what we
have and then you look at the turmoil in
the financial markets maximum amount of
debt which I'll get into in a moment
and the only thing that's there
supporting it is central banks printing
money out of thin air and buying up all
these assets whether it's in the fixed
income category whether it's equities
whether it is garbage toxic assets ETFs
in the case of Japan and we don't even
know what they really do behind the
scenes this is just the information
that's
public and of course they get incentives
in some some cases we have that
confirmed to buy certain assets
incentive programs do you get an
incentive
program do you get a nice little
discount if you buy shares of Apple no
it's not how it works but the central
banks of course they make the rules so
this is the information that I wanted to
get to for this video it's very
important I'm going to move on into this
and I'm just going to hammer through
these very quick student that
significantly outpacing weight wage
growth from the year 1990 to 2015 look
at this this is the wage growth no of
course not that is the median debt so
the amount of debt is expanding over and
over again every year it seems to get
worse but the wages remain stagnant and
that's just the way it is and that's
even using fake inflation imagine if
they used real inflation how bad it
would really be
auto loans owned and securitized 2002 to
2016 lo and behold an extreme increase
and even if you take it from 2002 we see
the same
thing record $30 billion jump 1.1
trillion dollar in a short period of
time that has been added to the amount
of debt think about that a
trillion
dollars that's just in this one category
$1 trillion reminds me a lot of the
student bubble and all the other bubbles
that are out
there percentage change in home
ownership rate among different age what
we're seeing here obviously is that the
people who are under 35 years old are
not going to be able to afford homes
this also affects to a drastic degree
those 35 to
44 this is what I would say is going to
happen more people are renting you see
people renting their homes you see
people renting their cars and uh you
know with all these sort of
um companies that that are around and
they have them in let's say Toronto but
I know they have them all over the world
it's a sort of a quick car rental
company where you may only need a car
for a few hours or or perhaps uh one day
or so so you would then quickly just
rent the car bring it back to its
station and that would be it because
it's not worth having a car the parking
lot is too expensive the car is too
expensive the gas is too expensive and
uh simply you don't need it all the time
because you live in the congested and
condensed environments of the city so
you wouldn't need a car well that's
exactly what is occurring at this time I
see less and less ownership you're
seeing even the apples Apple has the uh
renewal program which is basically you
have the rental of the phone you pay a
monthly fee and you get their phone but
it's really a rental so everything is
becoming a rental these days and it just
shows you that you know if you like that
that's totally fine but I just believe
that this is being
done as a result of people not having
the ability to purchase it that's
generally the way it is anyway moving on
distribution of wealth in the US 1917 to
2015 no surprise here that the top
0.1% is owning more and more and more
and those in the bottom
90% own
less doesn't surprise me at
all share of the labor force working in
agriculture this is since the year
1300 so some interesting calculations
here but essentially what we
have no doubt is a heavy heavy decline
that has been taking place year after
year after year it's a growing Trend and
now there's essentially nobody working
in the agriculture
industry in the Great Depression
era you had a
significant amount of people and if I
try to see where England is here during
Great Depression times I would say
approximately 10 to 15% somewhere around
there and you look at the other
statistics I've seen Canada and the US
seems to be around there maybe a little
bit more 20% or so but essentially what
we have here is a problem because people
are not
self-sufficient if there is a crisis a
natural disaster or a financial crisis
people begin to suffer immediately
because they do not have food security
and that is extremely dangerous and last
but not least I see violence increasing
I see poverty increasing I see all sorts
of different violent
crimes homelessness everything seems to
be getting worse this happens to be
Baltimore homicides in a short period of
time increasing this line it's showing
you here is from 2014 to
2017 that's annualized of course and
Baltimore is just one city I watched
some Drone footage of Baltimore and
Detroit and it is amazing to see it I
mean it is just terrible now does that
mean all of Detroit is terrible all of
Baltimore is terrible no there's areas
every town has their own good and bad
areas but when it makes up such a large
percentage of the cities and it gets
worse and EXP expands and expands you
know there's a problem and then you see
the crime rates increasing
dramatically and that is one very good
indicator to see how it
all happens one year things are just
fine and suddenly people in that City
where they grew up and it just isn't the
same
anymore
well if you found this video informative
then please give me a thumbs up if you'd
love to see more images of Janet Yellen
being held and caressed by Ben beri
where is his hand
oops then give me a thumbs
down last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative my first book talks
about the four asset classes and how to
profit from it
whereas the new book touches on these
familiar subjects but gets into things
like becoming
self-sufficient I believe it's very
crucial that's why I really put a strong
emphasis on that in my new book so if
you want to look through them you can
always go to Amazon they have a look
inside feature which will allow you to
flip through the pages of these books to
see if you like them now once again I
wanted to mention there's been much much
interest in my Audi books and I have
released the audiobook for global
economic
collapse you can check that out at my
website the money gps.com take care